hey guys so I just found a tutorial on
this it is a darka darkened kind of
reddish smokey I am I did wear this in
my October favorites video and I said I
would do tutorial on it and it's taken
me this long to do it cuz I'm a horrible
person so I hope you guys like this and
if you want to see how to do this then
keep watching okay so the first thing
I'm doing is taking my Mac Paint Pot in
painterly and I am putting that all over
my lid up to my eyebrow and underneath
my eye as well then i'm taking a
maybelline color tattoo in rich mahogany
and i am putting that on just my lid
area and i'm also spreading it on my
lower lashline I'll stay together the
first car that I'm using is from glamour
doll eyes and it's called a mind reader
and it's from the Twilight shadows
collection they have very different
labels than what I showed here because
this is an older jar but this is a very
dark dark blue almost black color and
I'm just going to apply this on my lid
and on my lower lash line as well
and the next color I'm using is also
from glamour doll eyes and this is
called dazzle me and this is a very
light skin tone color and I'm just using
this to blend the dark color up a little
bit and soften the edges so I'm taking
lovers lane from glamour doll eyes I
have it in a stack but you can get this
individually as well I'm applying this
over the dark color just because I want
it to be a little more reddish a little
a little bit warmer so I'm just applying
that right over top and blending it out
a little bit and I'm also putting it on
my lower lashline and finally I'm taking
October thirtieth and this is just a
shimmery yellowy white color and I am
applying this on my brow bone this is
from a Halloween set from halloween 2011
so I don't think you can get this
anymore but any shimmery highlight color
will work then I am taking my black
eyeliner and lining my waterline and my
tight line with it
and then I'm curling my lashes and
applying my mascara and mascara I use is
the fresh supernova
and once you're finished with that that
is the entire look I hope you guys like
this and I will talk to you later